Prompt #1
Okay, these are some screenshots of apps that I use and really like. The nutrition logging app that you see here is called Macro Factor and honestly it's fantastic. I love the UI. I think where you see like the food blog, where it lists individual foods would be great if we adapted that to log workouts. Obviously, you know, it would need to be tweaked to work for us. And then the main dashboard screen for Macro Factor is great. In the insights and analytics you can see it has important information that you can also expand on and see graphs and you know further details about those things. I included a couple different chat UIs that I really like as well. And yeah, I think that this is a pretty good start to that. The only thing that I am missing is the background. Okay, I've also added a picture for the running screen. This is from an app called Runna, which is great. You can look up some of their UI information. Definitely look up Macro Factor. Definitely look up chat GPT. And I think this will be a really good start. There are obviously going to have to be other iterations of our UI. But I think if we can figure out how to really craft our UI after what you have here, this will be a really good start and then the rest will be smaller improvements.

Prompt #2
Yeah, go ahead and start by looking at the current code. And yeah, we don't have a whoop integration yet, but we definitely will be having whoop and other wearables integrated into our project at some point. That will be in the next big phase. So if we want to go ahead and build that into the UI now, that would be fine. There just won't be anything in there at the moment for data as far as that's concerned. And then the other thing, we've kind of been all over the place with our colors, and we really just need to come up with a color scheme that works. If it's... Honestly, I really like the color scheme of macro factor with using whites and blacks and grays for like the background and then using pops of color for making the workouts and the logs and all the other stuff that's like data driven stand out. works really well.

Prompt #3
I like this. Let's make sure that we have this put into a markdown in our ZED folder. That way, if we need to pass this on to another design team, we can do that. But yeah, let's go ahead and complete this. Oh, one other thing. We do not have a UI for our sign in or sign up screens. So we need to do that. And there is no profile function currently for the application. So we need to do like a small circular avatar at like the top right or top left, whichever you think is better that the user can click on that has all the standard settings, like any of their personal information, payment info, wearable integrations, anything like that, that's more of like a settings function should go in there. That's also where you'd find like light mode and dark mode and so on, which if we don't have a light mode and a dark mode that also needs to be factored in. But we need to make sure that within that avatar settings page, there's also a sign out function.

And while we're working on the sign in and sign out UI, we also did not think about SSO when we were creating it. So if we're going to be working on that page, we might as well go ahead and build in SSO to our UI and get it implemented into the backend and the database as well.

Prompt #4
